Nice weather we're having.;It is, isn't it?;What weather?;It really is.;Smartass, aren't you?;
If you weren't in here, what would you be doing?;Probably something else that will throw me in here.;A normal day job where I can care for my kid.;Haha! Same here!;You don't have much imagination, huh?;
Harada got thrown in solitary again?;We're lucky he's in there and not out here.;Who cares what that guy's doing?;Yeah. It was scary when he killed that guard.;Ohhhh, a tough guy!;
Wouldn't it be nice if we can repaint the walls?;It's so dreary, so let's go with a bright color.;It'll be faded within seconds. Don't waste your time.;Bright color? What are you, a kid?;You this much fun with your kid, too?;
A birthday party for your kid? Hah! The world isn't that kind.;I don't need kindness. I need your cooperation.;That maybe so, but I can't give up.;Heh. Since you asked so nicely, guess I'll help out a bit.;Sounds like a personal problem.;
Why should I help?;What've you got to lose?;It'll make my kid really happy.;Heh. That's true.;Since when have I cared about your kid?;
The jackass guard is back.;Thanks for the warning.;Wouldn't be a jackass if you're kind.;Just repaying a favor.;Don't you know? I'm always kind. I'll kindly knife you, too.;
Hey, got a cig?;Smoking is bad for your health.;I ate my last one.;Okay, mom. I'll keep that in mind.;Just say you don't want to give me one, jeesh.;
What's it like to have someone waiting for you outside?;Suffocating. I feel like I'm missing too much.;Like I can't wait to go back.;Ah, so whether you have someone or not, we all feel the same, huh?;Must be nice.;
I think I'm coming down with something.;Take better care of yourself.;Go to the clinic.;Yeah, I know. That damned doctor is creepy.;Like hell! I'd die if I go there!;
The warden's in a good mood today.;Harada must be back in solitary.;Really? I can't tell.;Small victories for us.;Pay more attention to your surrounding, why don't you?;
What kind of birthday party?;Nothing big. Just me and my kid. Maybe some ice cream.;Something big. Invite everyone I know kind of thing.;Ahhhh, that sounds like a dream.;What? And I'm not invited?;
A riot? That's too much work.;Too much work for a big, scary criminal like you?;Please, it's for my kid.;Tch! When you butter me up like that, how can I say no?;Why should I care about some kid I've never met or seen?;
I don't want to work.;Neither do we, but it's better than going to the clinic.;Why don't you pretend to be sick?;Ughhhh! Don't remind me of that doctor!;Are you kidding me?! That doctor will kill me if I do!;
What did they get you for again?;For being a dumbass.;I'd rather not talk about it.;That can be said for all of us!;Think you're some kind of a cool guy, huh?;
What does your kid like?;Sweets and toys and me.;The usual things that kids like.;Pfft! Didn't take you for a doting parent type!;Hah? You don't even know?;
Is it just you and your kid at home?;Yeah. No one else for us to rely on.;My mom's probably taking care of my kid.;Except for other criminals, eh? Haha!;Probably? You don't even know?;
When I was younger, I'd never have imagined I'd end up here.;Really? You don't have even a small streak of criminal in you?;Yeah. Me neither.;Well... maybe just a little.;What a cruel twist of fate.;
Are you getting your kid any presents?;I'm showing up, aren't I?;Maybe I should get them a small toy...;Hahaha! What an egotist parent!;And then get thrown right back in for a petty crime?;
There's a bunny in the courtyard!;Let's catch it and eat it.;Just leave it alone. It's just trying to survive.;Isn't that illegal? Then again, we are criminals.;Yeah, so am I. But no one left me alone.;
I have a sweetheart outside who sends me a letter every month.;Sounds like a scam.;That's nice. Gives you something to look forward to every month.;Right? Who'd ever like someone like me? Haha!;Ahhh, you don't get it, do you?;